Moderator : Okay, I have started the recording now. So just to confirm, are you comfortable? If I record my screen and audio as we talk today.
P6: Yes.
Moderator : Okay, and are you comfortable? We decided to use a recorded clip from our discussion to share with other Va partners removing any identifiable information.
Moderator : Sure.
Moderator : Okay.
Moderator : that is the whole intro. So thank you for joining us today as we get started on this. So before we look at the program online form.
Moderator : Let's just start with a couple of warm-up questions. Have you applied for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers before?
Moderator : No.
Moderator : Have you heard of that program before?
P6: I think I vaguely have heard of it before.
Moderator : Okay.
Moderator : have you ever interacted with the Va for family member benefits?
Moderator : Okay, can you tell me a little bit more about that?
P6: I'm a caregiver from my father.
P6: So I asked about like how to become a caregiver for my father to be a.
Moderator : Okay?
Moderator : And I guess along that can you tell me in your own words what it means to you to be a veteran caregiver?
P6: Being there for them. Handle anything pertaining to the medical records, assistance medication
P6: giving and anything they basically need.
Moderator : Got it. Great thanks for explaining that.
Moderator : And how would you like to learn about benefits that are out there from the Va. Like the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers.
P6: Through mailings email alerts on email notifications, phone calls and so forth.
Moderator : Okay, great.
Moderator : And if you were completing a form to apply for caregiver benefits like the one we're going to go through today.
Moderator : What information do you think you would need before you begin that form in that process.
P6: My information, of course, and as well as the
P6: individuals information, I guess. Date of birth. Their name
P6: their address
P6: since they're already in the system, I think they already have
P6: there
P6: veteran status, and so forth. But I guess if they, if they're not in there, and then I need to get a copy of that for them, too.
Moderator : Okay, great thanks for sharing that with us.
Moderator : Okay, so now that we're kind of thanks for sharing that back, we're going to change gears just a little bit, and I'm going to share a link with you in chat and see if you could open it and share your screen with us. Please.
P6: So.
Moderator : Chat open.
Moderator : And this is just to our testing site that we'll be using.
Moderator : Let me know if you need any
Moderator : help. Figure out how to get that open and share your screen. I can walk you through it.
P6: No, I got it.
P6: Okay, cool.
P6: Oh, I need to share my screen.
Moderator : I don't see you sharing your screen yet.
P6: No, I said I had to share it home
P6: all right.
Moderator : Awesome great.
Moderator : So could you please review the page and tell me what your initial thoughts and expectations are of this form. Before applying.
P6: This is, apply for the program a comprehensive resistance, fulfilling
P6: caregivers.
P6: pretty much all it says, and then it says, Start your application. So I guess, use this phone to apply for a program and comprehensive assistance for family members. Veterans can also use the application to add or change figures after they apply
P6: is there when it says assistance for family caregivers. What is a program? Comprehensive.
Moderator : Yeah, I guess. What are your thoughts after reading that? And how would you expect to learn more.
P6: I wanted to ask questions. I guess I would have to ask somebody from the I guess the Va. To
P6: elaborate more on it.
Moderator : Can you tell me more about that? Would you have expected somebody else to tell you about this? Is that what you have.
P6: Correct button is correct. Yeah.
Moderator : And I guess, looking at this page, if you were directed here, is there anything, if anything stands out as being really clear or really confusing.
P6: Oh, just basically, you're applying to be assistant to a caregiver to a family member who's a veteran.
Moderator : On a scale of one to 5 and one being very poorly, and 5 being very well. How prepared and informed do you feel about the application
Moderator : you're about.
P6: I'm not being honest, is it's it's not really too explanatory, like, I would feel like more information should be provided like what
P6: what would constitute being a caregiver? What? What would you be
P6: able to do and assist with because they might have limitations, since it's a you know, Federal agency.
Moderator : Got it. Thanks for that feedback. So with that
Moderator : information missing that you're looking for
Moderator : on a scale of one to 5, what would you rate the page.
P6: A 3.
Moderator : Okay.
Moderator : great, thank you.
Moderator : Okay. So now, I'd like you to just start the form as if you were applying for the program.
P6: This part's really confusing, because it says, Start your application
P6: like you would click on that
P6: to start it. But then
P6: the next thing it says, follow these steps to get started and check your eligibility. So what did that be beforehand?
Moderator : Yeah. Is that how you'd prefer to have the flow happen.
P6: Yeah, because I think it says, start your application. But then, like, why would it go? Okay, now, one to gather information like, wouldn't
P6: I don't know it just
P6: I don't think you really need to say, start your application and just say, follow these steps to get started.
Moderator : Got it.
P6: If I click, because if I click on this
P6: I don't know where it's gonna bring me to like, is it? Gonna bring me up to these steps again, or these steps gonna be like in the background.
Moderator : Got it. That's really helpful feedback. Thank you for explaining that.
P6: Alright. So you want me to start application. You want me to start from check eligibility.
Moderator : Yeah, just kind of go through like what you would want to do, and just kind of look through this information and then
Moderator : tell me how you would like to begin, or what you would do before beginning.
P6: Like, I said, I'm gonna reiterate like, I don't feel that start. Your application should be there. Because it's already telling you. Follow these steps to get started. So you check your eligibility.
P6: You would click on this. Find out if you're eligible for your program of comprehensive assistance family caregivers.
P6: and then number step 2. Once you fill that out, step 2. Gather the information you'll need
P6: veterans
P6: you'll need the information for the veteran and each family caregiver. So that's what I thought I would need. I thought I would need there
P6: some of the information, but.
P6: I would think I might. I wouldn't necessarily need
P6: the information if I would just
P6: speak with somebody, because they would have their information on file, I would imagine. But I guess if you, it's gonna be a form, fill that, then you have to have it.
P6: You also need to share the Va Medical center where the Va. Receives care or plans to receive care.
P6: got it.
Moderator : Is there anything about that that caught you.
P6: Yeah, because, like I would, I I would think, like
P6: they're already in the system nationwide.
P6: You're at the
P6: share, the the
P6: face center where the veteran gets care from. But.
P6: like
P6: states, have multiple
P6: Va centers, and you could go to multiple ones. So how would you enter more than one.
P6: if it just if they go to multiple ones, you if you can only add one. I guess you add, like the main one, that they go to.
Moderator : Got it. That's really helpful. Thank you for explaining that.
P6: And then and if you're representative signing this application on behalf of the veteran.
P6: you need to submit a document showing you have legal. Okay, that's how they could find it, I think.
P6: yeah. So you have power attorney and legal authority to do so.
P6: If you have any questions. You need assistance with the application. You could pull the phone number
P6: alright. See? That's what I'm saying now. It scrolled up and it says, Now, number 3 start your application. So that's why you don't need that that 1st part. Start your application.
P6: And now it's gonna go back down there again.
P6: Now, this is where you start your application.
P6: You know what I'm saying.
Moderator : Yeah, thank you for sharing that feedback that's helpful for us.
P6: Because, like
P6: I gotta I kinda can. Can I click on this.
Moderator : Yeah, go ahead.
Moderator : It's actually the next step. We'll go through the form now.
P6: No, I know, but I'm saying, see that that's the 1st part. If I clicked on this from the beginning, I would have missed all the other information.
P6: Yeah.
Moderator : Yeah, that's very helpful. Feedback kind of that 1st link was a little premature on the page is what you're saying.
P6: Okay, yeah.
P6: So that's it. Should say, he start here, how I did it. And then, okay, here, are you ready to proceed? Click on this, and then
P6: so you enter the veteran's 1st name, middle name, last name
P6: like, I said. They're Mr. Mrs. Their date of birth, and if they're female or male, and they hit, continue.
Moderator : Yeah, if you, this is our testing sites. If you could go ahead and fill out that information, if you don't want to real use real information, feel free to use fake stuff, and I can prompt you with the social when we get there, too. So
Moderator : as you're going through this, if you try to think aloud of any reactions or anything that you're thinking of it, just let us know.
P6: All right.
Moderator : Oh, and a fake one here you could do.
Moderator : probably mix up the last number and do a 6 or a 7.
Moderator : If you do sequential. It catches it
Moderator : oops
Moderator : here we can try 3, 2, 1.
P6: 3, 2, 1.
Moderator : 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9.
P6: Alright. I entered it. Hit. Continue.
P6: address.
P6: the the address, the State
P6: zip code.
P6: Bye.
P6: Alright.
P6: The phone number.
P6: Oh, what va center
P6: does your veteran plan to veteran get or plan to get their health care.
P6: Do I make it, or do I put one in.
Moderator : Yeah, I guess. How would you prefer to search for
Moderator : the veterans? Va. Facility.
P6: I guess I'll put in
P6: New Jersey.
P6: right? And this is multiple ones.
P6: That's so. Oh, okay, I was, gonna say, there's gonna be more load, more
P6: load more.
P6: I guess the closest one to that one.
Moderator : Yeah, what are your thoughts and impressions as you were going through that search.
P6: It was pretty simple self explanatory. It. It
P6: put up one. At 1st I didn't see it, because I only saw like 4 or 5 locations. So I was like, well, where's the other ones? I know there's more other ones in the surrounding areas.
P6: and it's just you had to load more and keep loading more. I just. I would think that
P6: you won't have to load more. It could just be a whole list of it. And just it just be be smaller, smaller font.
Moderator : Got it. Thanks for that feedback.
P6: 5. Primary, family caregiver, application.
Moderator : Yeah, actually, before we go.
P6: Awesome.
Moderator : Here you clicked off that other one pretty quickly. If you wanted to do a different search on that one, is it clear how you would do that?
P6: Yeah, you do. The city. If you knew the city that's in, or is it? Or the postcode zip code.
Moderator : And would you prefer to if you were doing this for would you put in city? Would that be your preferred? Search.
Moderator : I know you put in state.
P6: Yeah, because it was we statewide, because now the city is it asking the city where the Medical Center is in or the city that you're in, and we populated. What's around you.
Moderator : Yeah. How would you think that search
Moderator : would work.
P6: It would be the location of the facility, I would imagine.
P6: But if you didn't know where it was a city, then you had to put the State.
P6: and they keep searching.
Moderator : Got it.
Moderator : Yeah, thank you for that additional feedback. And going back a step for me, you can go ahead and just enter the same search you did before, and select another location.
P6: Okay.
P6: Oh.
Moderator : Yeah. Can you talk me through your impressions and your thoughts now that you see.
P6: Told us this plan.
P6: You're saying your support.
P6: Alright. I'm confused, though, because now it it populated 2 different locations.
Moderator : Yeah, can you just explain to me what you're thinking about as you're going through this.
P6: The veterans facility selected. There's facility where you told us the veteran received your plans to
P6: seek treatment. This is a James Howard veterans, outpatient clinic.
P6: But
P6: you're assigned caregiver support facility. This is the facility we've assigned to support you in the application process. As a caregiver. Okay, so they assign
P6: the East Orange, Va. Medical Center as the support Coordinator Staff.
P6: Okay. Got it.
Moderator : Yeah, is there anything on that page that
Moderator : you would change.
P6: Yeah, it was a little confusing, because that's the the. It showed like 2 locations. But I didn't really, until I read it that
P6: this is the place you chose. And now this is the, I guess, a main pub that that's going to be your point of contact
P6: for the caregiver support coordinating staff.
P6: Got it.
Moderator : Thank you for walking through that with us. So now that you kind of gone through that facility piece overall on a scale of one to 5 of one being very difficult and 5 being very easy.
Moderator : How would you rate this overall process to select a Va facility.
P6: 4.
Moderator : Thank you.
Moderator : You can continue on.
P6: Alright.
P6: you can use this application to apply for benefits for a primary family caregiver.
P6: Yeah.
Moderator : Doesn't.
Moderator : What? What does a primary caregiver mean to you?
P6: That you're the sole purpose you're the sole provider
P6: assistant person to the.
P6: to the patient.
Moderator : Thanks for talking through that.
Moderator : So yeah, if you could just go through a scenario where you're applying as if you're the primary caregiver on this application, and just kind of continue on, and thinking aloud.
P6: Okay.
P6: enter the primaries, families, caregivers. 1st name.
P6: Oh, shit
P6: enter the date of birth.
P6: My mail
P6: that makes up.
Moderator : The number a bit. If it's the same that we used for the veteran, it's probably flagging it.
P6: Use the same address because I I live with him.
P6: It's the primary family.
P6: vigorous mail
P6: address, the same as their home address. Yes.
P6: I don't like when it's it's already populated, and it's being recorded. So it has. The right information
P6: is that gonna show.
Moderator : Got it. The auto populate pop up. That shows a little bit. Yeah.
P6: Yeah, I don't like that
P6: cool.
Moderator : We'll just kind of continue on as if you were adding a secondary caregiver to the application as well.
P6: I don't mind doing this, but it's being recorded, and it's doing my populated, and it has all my my personal information.
P6: That's something I don't like.
Moderator : Okay.
Moderator : yeah, you can totally veto, and we won't share anything at all, too. So
Moderator : no one will see it.
Moderator : Because, as you're doing this? How do you think the secondary.
P6: I thought you.
Moderator : Role, differ.
P6: So you said you can only add one.
P6: It said it before. Is that only one can
P6: be the
P6: kick over in the 1st page.
Moderator : Got it so it seems confusing that it's adding a secondary.
P6: Right am I? Did I read it wrong? Because I thought I said in the 1st page it says they could only be one caregiver.
P6: or did I miss it?
Moderator : Yeah, you can go back, if you need to at all feel free.
P6: And they go back all the way back.
Moderator : Yeah, I guess
Moderator : you just saw it was only one caregiver for the whole application. Not that there was a primary and secondary.
P6: Oh, I don't know. I thought it was. Oh, maybe it's just one primary
P6: to make his way. Stay a primary caregiver.
P6: Oh, I I constitute it could just be one
P6: one like when you say primary caregiver. I thought, that means like, that's a caregiver one.
P6: Okay.
Moderator : You were completing this online form for real. How would you go about getting this information for the secondary caregiver.
P6: I would have to ask them for it.
Moderator : Would you prefer to do that over the phone in person?
P6: For the other person.
P6: It could be either over the phone or in person. I probably end up filling this out with them.
Moderator : Got it
Moderator : so you'd probably sit down together in real life if you were to.
P6: Doing? This?
P6: Yeah.
Moderator : Thanks for letting us know that.
P6: And the thing is, if
P6: does it, I don't know how to be operate, but like, if I'm the primary care as as the
P6: as a son. Am I allowed to be the primary caregiver opposed to his spouse?
P6: Have to be at 1st like it's a like a power attorney.
P6: you know, like, when you go to a funeral home
P6: like one person has power turning over the other, and usually, if it's
P6: the husband, the spouse has power like they're they're the
P6: the 1st primary point of contact
P6: opposed to like the sun.
P6: so does that. Can it? Could be anybody or like.
P6: does the veteran have to approve it like? I don't see something on here that the veteran approves. It.
Moderator : Yeah. Can you tell me a little bit more about your expectation?
Moderator : There? Should that be the.
P6: Well, I would. Yeah, I would think that the veteran had the
P6: How do you put it?
P6: Allow permission for this individual? Because anyone could just go on there and say, Okay, hey, I'm gonna be their their caregiver, you know.
P6: And maybe he doesn't want that person, or she doesn't want that person to be, and maybe he wants somebody else to be their caregiver.
Moderator : Got it. That's really helpful. Feedback. Thank you.
Moderator : It'd be like 3, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9.
P6: Is it?
P6: And hold on
P6: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
Moderator : I think that one's too long. It needs to be 9 digits.
P6: Sure.
P6: Yes, he is the same
P6: new as a secretary, and add another one. No.
P6: it's in
P6: alright. Alright.
P6: except for application. Signature next steps to review and sign the application.
P6: Select who will sign for the veteran today?
P6: Okay, I am veteran with legal authority, signing on the behalf of the veteran.
P6: So if I click on that, I noticed it's something that you have uploaded document. So I don't have a document right now. So what do you want me to do?
P6: Okay?
Moderator : So I guess, in your own words. Kind of said it already, but you'd be uploading a document. I'm curious. Are you a legal representative for the veteran.
P6: Correct.
Moderator : Okay. So we'll continue on like as if you're filling it out for real to get some feedback on another page. And then we can kind of back out. Since you don't have a document to upload.
Moderator : we won't do that in our staging site. But
Moderator : yeah, if you could just talk through in your own words what you'd expect to happen next, and any feedback you have on the instructions to this page.
P6: Yeah. Well, I do. I do have a a power attorney, but I'm not gonna upload that. But it is. I would upload the
P6: the power attorney document which is legal buying contact, that I have power attorney from my father, who is a veteran, and I would upload it to the system that this says so you could submit. These are the following documents. You could submit with your power attorney, legal guardianship
P6: alternate signer, certificate certification, appointment of veteran service organization.
P6: appointment of individual as claim representative. Things accept marriage certificates and so forth. Upload it. In this certain type of files. Jpeg, Pdf.
P6: No longer, and no no files larger than 10 MB. So you had to scan and upload and then hit. Continue.
Moderator : Great. Thank you for walking through that. We can go back unless there's anything else you want to add about that.
P6: No, ma'am.
Moderator : Thing. Okay.
Moderator : great. Thank you.
Moderator : So now we'll kind of change the answer to the veteran signing
Moderator : for himself so he can skip that upload.
Moderator : And then, yeah, if you just look over this page and tell me your initial impressions or expectations about what's happening on this page. And if you see anything you entered by mistake.
Moderator : Can you show me how you'd go about correcting that.
P6: Alright. So since 5 reviewed application. So he would
P6: click on. Here. I'm reviewing my
P6: the information.
P6: If you need to change it all. I entered the wrong phone number. I would hit edit and change the digits.
P6: Same thing with
P6: the facility they, the the person, entered it wrong hit, edit
P6: and correct like that veterans. Truth. I certify that the individual named in this application are involved in my care.
P6: like I said
P6: to sharing information necessary for the involvement in the right care.
P6: And then you put the veteran's full name
P6: click, I certify
P6: that
P6: And then primary family caregiver, application, truth of their put their name.
P6: Get.
P6: Can I say what's on my mind?
Moderator : Of course.
P6: I actually don't like this to be honest, because anybody could put the information in
P6: like, who who's to say like, I'm submitting it to you.
P6: to the Va. System. But how do you know that
P6: somebody just didn't alter it? And, like the vitamins, are incoherent, and I'm filling this out for him.
P6: I'm filling this out. I'm filling my name out, and it's not even asking me for anything. I would feel
P6: that to be a caregiver.
P6: that you wouldn't be able to
P6: do it online, that you would have to actually go to the facility and talk to the person and face to face.
P6: I don't know. Maybe I'm just adding, maybe I'm just adding to it, but I don't know. I just feel like it's anybody could just fill this out.
Moderator : No, that's really helpful feedback to hear. Thank you for sharing that. I was. Gonna ask you what your comfort level was with filling out this information and signing for all the people involved. But
Moderator : yeah, you kind of jumped to that.
P6: Yeah.
Moderator : So you were leading to. You'd rather have this be inform.
P6: I feel that this person, sure that so it actually protects the agency. I would think if I was in the agency, I would feel more comfortable because
P6: this is their form, and
P6: if you allow, people just do it like this, and something transpires and be like, Can
P6: I don't know can they be sued? But like, I don't know, like I'm just thinking outside the box.
Moderator : No, that's great, I guess if you had a magic wand, and how would you like this signing of the application to go when there's multiple people.
P6: Like again. I I think this is something that would have to be generated and and done at the facility. So then there's witnesses there, and
P6: like it's it's almost like a notary like that that person who's going there, I guess it's like.
P6: you know, like an eligibility section department, that they were verified to that. They're there, that so and so date
P6: so and so is filling it out so and so is going to. So there's a witness.
Moderator : Got it.
P6: So they don't just take it.
P6: I mean, they're just to be honest. It just shows that the
P6: I don't know it. It just shows you the the.
P6: I'm not saying that they don't care. I just say, Okay, you know, we just need something seriously. Do they have a caregiver
P6: authority, and whoever they put it in. Okay, hey? They fill it out.
P6: But we're not responsible who fills it out and and and know who that as long as they fill it out, that's it.
P6: They take, they do. They take the word of the person.
Moderator : Got it. Yeah, thank you for that feedback. That's helpful.
P6: So that makes me wonder like if this is a if this is a legally binded contract.
P6: that
P6: because you're not really signing it, you're just putting it. And then you said, Yeah, I certified all this, but it's correct. But there's no like
P6: notary. There's no witness. There's nothing
P6: so.
Moderator : Got it. Yeah.
Moderator : okay, I guess before we go on to the next question, can you kind of scroll through this page and let me know if there's any other
Moderator : feedback or thoughts that you want to share with us on this page.
P6: No. So you knew the veterans day I would. If I was a veteran I would put my name primary
P6: person. They would be the computer to fill this out. Secondary had to fill it out.
P6: And that's another thing, too. That's what goes to me beforehand that
P6: I would have to be with the other individuals to fill this out like I couldn't just
P6: they couldn't be in another town like, or if they're at work, or if they're in another city, they would have to come to the house and and
P6: do this application at the same time.
P6: like I couldn't just write their name in. And it's like, Okay, I certify, because then that's illegal.
P6: But then what stops me from doing it
P6: kind of dance.
P6: and then you hit, and then and then it says, no. According to Federal law, there are criminal penalties, including a fine or imprisonment up to 5 years for withholding information and providing inaccurate and incorrect information
P6: that only goes so far.
Moderator : Yeah, thanks for talking.
P6: Okay.
Moderator : Through that page.
P6: Then you hit submit application.
Moderator : Yeah, we won't actually submit it because we're in our testing site today. We won't actually submit it. But
Moderator : I will stop you here. And I'm gonna screen share and show you what the page after this would look like if you did submit
Moderator : and then get some feedback from you on that.
P6: So stop sharing on my part or no.
Moderator : Yep. And I think I can switch it over.
Moderator : Oh, whoops!
Moderator : Where?
Moderator : Okay? That clicked on the right one wasn't outlining. Okay.
Moderator : okay? So if we were submitting it for real, and we hit that submit application button. And you arrived at this page. Can you just tell me your thoughts and expressions here, or impressions here, and what you'd expect to happen next.
P6: Yeah, so thank you for completing your application. Once we've successfully received your application or contact you to tell you what happens next in the application process. Your submission information.
P6: Who submitted this application would be the applicant signee up the confirmation number you received, dated, submitted.
P6: and confirmation for your records, and you could print this, or you can write it down.
P6: Yeah, what to expect next? If fam, a member of the caregiver support team
P6: where the veteran receives care or plans to receive care will contract the veteran and any caregivers to discuss this application eligibility.
P6: If you gave us your email address, you'll receive confirmation email within 24 h.
P6: If you have any questions, here's a phone number.
P6: the Directory.
P6: what you need, what you can do if your application is denied. If your application is denied, we'll send you a letter with the reason why you're not application, and so forth, and you could do an appeal.
P6: Got it.
Moderator : Is there anything on that page, if anything, that stood out
Moderator : as being confusing or really helpful?
P6: No, I just I like it gives you a phone number.
P6: a directory to contact, and
P6: if
P6: the application denied.
P6: But I
P6: think you said, within 24 h you've received notice.
P6: Yeah, you receive confirmation email within.
P6: Well, that's if you you receive confirmation email that they received your application. But they didn't say like how long it would take for the process to take.
P6: Hey?
Moderator : See like a little bit more information.
P6: Yeah.
Moderator : Is here.
P6: This could take, you know, whatever between like 2, 3 weeks, or 6 months. But I mean.
P6: yeah.
Moderator : Got it. Thank you for that feedback. Is there anything else on this page before I kind of stop screen sharing and wrap up a couple more questions.
P6: No, I think it's pretty self explanatory.
Moderator : Okay.
Moderator : awesome. Thank you.
Moderator : So if you were going through this form for real, what research would you do before applying and completing a form like this?
P6: I would navigate, or something, or most likely
P6: contact the agency itself, the facility, and and ask questions. How does this work what I need to do
P6: then.
P6: and go from there and then, and get like what I would need
P6: prior to filling it out like if that facility, they would put me in touch with that department and to say, prior, so because you want, you want to go start applications like, Okay, I don't have this. So then they would hopefully would tell me that you're need the
P6: you know the veteran, you know present, because they're gonna have to sign afterwards and give authorization
P6: you would have to have your form of either
P6: a power attorney, or if you're married to the person
P6: marriage certificate, the different type of forms, like all the all the pre things that you will need prior before sitting down to apply. Because if you start doing this process. You're gonna have to stop. Because, okay, I don't have that. Okay. So now, I don't have authority or I don't have that. So I need to have this. I need to be able to scan the document.
P6: We're having it ready in my files.
P6: I need to have the veterans, you know, date of birth, social security number and all that. And then
P6: if there's gonna be more than one, if you're gonna be going to be one primary
P6: a caregiver. So that'd be the person that has the, you know, power attorney or marital certificate. And if they want to be a second person, you gotta just let them know that they gotta be
P6: present while you're filling the application
P6: and and go from there so everything so they could be done at one time, and and and proceed.
Moderator : Got it. That's really.
P6: Cause. It doesn't say any of that in the beginning, because I would feel that
P6: it should say that.
P6: you know, like a an asterisk like like an alert, saying, Hey, please! I don't know how much we put in there, but please be advised that your need
P6: these information, these these documents whatever prior to completing the application. And if more than one caregiver, and then they need to be present so they can sign.
P6: And I also feel that
P6: I mean, we work
P6: in the modern day society that
P6: that
P6: you know they work with adobe. You know a lot of stuff that you can actually digitally sign.
P6: and I feel that it should be something like a dropbox that you could digitally sign
P6: your signature. So it's not just like you typing your name.
Moderator : Yeah, that's great feedback. Thank you for bringing that up.
Moderator : What are your thoughts of the amount? Information that was provided on the form as we went through it, as far as caregiver, who qualifies, do you think it was too much just enough or too little.
P6: No, I think it was just enough. I think that's just vital information that's needed. So they have all that information. But it didn't ask
P6: oh, yeah, it did ask the date of birth. Yeah. So I think, no, it it asks for everybody's
P6: information. Ss, number their location, their their relation to the the veteran, and so forth.
Moderator : So was there any additional information about who qualifies as a primary secondary that you would have liked to see.
P6: Yeah, because can anybody just be the person's caregiver? It just has to be a certain criteria that
P6: like it's had to be a blood relative, or does it? Could it be a friend? When you? Because the word
P6: caregivers use loosely because it's not like, Hey, this person has power attorney.
P6: but
P6: it can't just be anybody, because it it says, upload these documents that you would have to
P6: if you have authorization from it. But you can have a document, I guess, notarized from
P6: an attorney or a notary notary public. That this veteran saying that you could authorize it so it could be just a friend, you know, because the persons have other family members, or he wants this friend to be a caregiver.
P6: so it could. Just I just feel like it should be put out there like, who can be a caregiver like it says that like this is what you would have to have.
P6: But it doesn't say like, who can be it?
Moderator : That's really helpful. Thank you for talking through that.
Moderator : Okay.
Moderator : Anything else that you want to add, or any questions for me.
P6: No, I think we covered a lot of stuff. I I just I feel like I was able to provide.
P6: you know, valuable feedback for you.
Moderator : Very much, so.
P6: I appreciate it.
Moderator : Yeah, definitely appreciate it a lot. So I just wanna circle back and reconfirm
Moderator : if you're comfortable. If we decided to share video clips of this session with Va. Partners. You can veto it since it did the pop up thing. I just want to give you that opportunity. Now.
P6: Yeah, I don't want my other information pop up to be. If it wasn't propped up then I would have no problem. But since it's being popped up. I don't want my information to be present.
Moderator : Got it will do. We won't share.
Moderator : Okay? Well, we really appreciate you taking the time to share your thoughts with us today. And your feedback is really really helpful. As we continue to work on this form and the site for veterans and caregivers, so.
P6: Thank you so much.
Moderator : Yeah. And Perry, Gn, who recruited you, they'll be sending you a thank you. Note with a little blurb that you can pass along. If you know of any other veterans or caregivers that want to participate in future studies.
P6: Okay, thank you so much.
Moderator : Yeah, have a great day.
P6: You too.